# EM Competency Matrix

EM Competency Matrix defined general engineering manager competencies.
These competencies divided into three categories.

* **Person based** - Behavior consisting of individual characteristics.
* **Skill based** - Engineering manager skill-based behavior.
* **Culture based** - Behavioral characteristics that match corporate culture. But undefined competencies, because different for each company.

## Purpose

The purpose of EM Competency Matrix is to give you serves as a reference for desirable behavior for engineering manager.

## Competency composition

Competencies are listed in the JSON file. JSON is made up of the following elements.

* **name** - Competency name.
* **summary** - Simple expression of competency is written.
* **detail** - The detailed content of the competency is written.

### Level

Defined levels 1 to 6 for competency. Competency becomes stronger gradually from 1 to 6.  
Example, Level 1 is associate engineering manager. Level 6 is executive engineerign manager.
 
 ## Usage
 
 I'm creating a competency matrix in a spreadsheet.
 For example [Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1toU3eBlZrWkwtX55-QU2PZg8ETtA8Y6GGxgJrU8iWvw/edit?usp=sharing). 
 This spreadsheet is automatically generated by GAS. See [fetch.gs](/fetch.gs)
 
## Contribution

Your contributions to this repo are always welcome!  
The definition of competency is make by Behavioral Event Interview(BEI). But, It is difficult to interview many engineering managers.
Therefore, the EM Competency Matrix will be completed by letting you know the competency of the engineering managers around you.

1. Open an issue to discuss
2. Clone the repository
3. Add your changes
4. Commits your changes and open a PR

## License

Have a look at the [license file](/LICENSE) for details